# Ethics
### Artifical Intelligence Usage
In my time at the University of Denver, the world saw the revolutionary creation of Artifical Intelligence Chatbots. It has served an incredible resource during my BIA journey and has often been a component of my coursework; many of my professors asked us to problem-solve code utilizing AI chatboxes and taught us how to write AI prompts to both challenge the AI and get productive results from the various chatboxes. Not only has it taught me the importance of how to formulate prompts, but it also has demonstrated the differences between the different chatboxes. All of this being said, utilizing AI poses the risk of plagerism and unethical behavior. 

Being transparent about AI usage has been important to me. When I use AI for coding, I believe it is essential that I understand the code it is giving to me or the reasons behind changes AI has chosen to make to my code. Additionally, I am a firm believer that quality research should not be done through AI chatboxes. My mom is a librarian at a college, and from a young age, she taught me both how to go about finding reputable sources, but also the importance of quality research. I have often used AI chatboxes to find possible databases or locations of articles and journals that may be useful in my research. However, in my projects, both individual and group, I have ensured that research is coming from reputable sources because it is crutial to ensuring analysis and decision-making is determined by accurate and relevant insight. 
