# Global Experience
Growing up in a culturally diverse family, my deep curiousity and desire to learn about and immerse myself in other cultures has been a integral component of my identity. I was particularly drawn to the University of Denver by the strong student encouragement to complete a cultural exchange and the high prevelence of out-of-state students. Committing to DU intiated my collegiate cultural adventure; however, below details my actual journey while studying as a student.

### Language Studies
I decided to embark on a minor in Italian- a important language to me- as much of my extended family soley speaks it. Through my many courses in Italian, not only did the University of Denver help develop my language proficiency, but it also broaded my understanding of the socioeconomic and sociocutural climate of modern Italy. 

### Study Abroad
As I had dreamed of from a young age, I embarked on my cultural experience late summer 2023. For roughly the first two weeks, I spent time in northern Italy (just northwest of Venice) with my Aunt, Uncle, and cousin. This experience was perhaps one of the most valuable experiences of my time abroad, as I experienced the daily routine in a non-touristy area of Italy.

My cousin taught me about the different schooling journeys Italians have in high school and brought me along to friend gatherings where I interacted with his friends in the workforce and learned about business scene for the average Italian. He had friends in other companies that traveled globally to work with clients and it was an interesting look into Italian business on a global level. Because I arrived in August, I also got to experience the reality of Italian work culture- it is very different than the United States. During August, there is a holiday referred to as "Ferragosto", which has a lengthly history dating back to the Roman Empire. In present times, the holiday now represents the Assumption of Mary, and most Italians take at least 2 weeks off during the month of August to escape the heat at beaches or in the mountains where is it cooler; the result is most businesses closing for some, if not all of August.

During my study abroad in Florence, I took Italian, Wine Business Marketing, Wax Carving & Casting (jewelry class), and Italian Food & Culture. Though not explicitly business classes, Wax Carving & Casting and Italian Food & Culture taught me a lot about how tradition and culture have been preserved within Italian businesses. 

My jewelry class used an ancient method of jewelry making that has been able to be preserved through apprenticeship and the loyalty to smaller businesses in Italy. You can go to any number of local jewelry supply stores around Florence to buy the jewels and metals necessary to create custom jewelry pieces, and my school had long-standing relations with many of the metal casting businesses in the area. I got to experience the entire process of making custom pieces from designing and carving the wax, to recieving the casted pieces and finishing pieces at a professional level. Part of that process also included keeping close track of the weight of wax pieces in order to understand the metal costs for the jewelry pieces and understanding how jewelry makers price their products.

In my Italian Food & Culture class, we learned about the history of food movements in Italy. Particularly, we focused on the Slow Food Movement founded by Carlo Petrini in 1986, and how it revolutionized the food industry and cultural stance on food quality in Italy. Quality ingredients are fundamental to Italian cuisine, and when the globalization of fast food began to creep into Italy, this movement is the reason traditional Italian cuisine has been preserved and why Italians have easy access to fresh affordable ingredients with flavor that would blow the minds of the average American. This movement is also how the popular Italian grocery chain, Eataly, came to be- a focus on quality; since it's inception in 2007 Torino, Italy, it has expanded into 8 countries including the United States. This class encouraged me to explore the many daily farmer's markets and Florence's famous Central Market, where I bought quality fruits and vegetables for mere dollars and created spectacular dishes at home.

Lastly, my Wine Business Marketing class taught me all about the global wine trade and the marketing that goes into selling to the United States market, the largest export destination for Italian wine. I learned the art of experiencing wine, the different regions and classifications of wine in Italy, the process of its production, and even got to visit a winery during the course. It all culminated into applying the learned concepts into our own fictional wine brand in a group project where I met my incredible friends from Mexico.

### Independent Cultural Learning
Through study abroad, I became close friends with several students from Mexico whom I am still in contact with. I have had the opportunity to spend a good amount of time in Mexico over the past year, and beyond the incredible cultural experiences, I have also gained a glimpse into business in Mexico and its global trade. 

In a lot of ways, there are so many similarities of expectations and pace of business in Mexico, but there are also differences that align with the cultural differences between the United States in Mexico. For one thing, Mexico has different labor laws than in the United States, which shapes the expectations for employees.

### Reflection
My experiences abroad have challenged the way I go about interacting with others and factors I take into consideration when I'm examining business problems. In my BIA classes, it has lended me extra perspective and the forethought to consider the kinds of cultural differences that could be at play in different global business scenarios and how it may influence consumer interest or feasibility of potential business decisions. Additionally, it has taught me the importance of listening to the experiences of others and having understanding because in the workplace, I will likely encounter peers and clients that have grown up in different cultures with differing expectations. What makes sense to me, might not to someone else, but they may also have another perspective that could be beneficial to decisions in the workplace.
